{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \ul \ulc0  
\b\fs24 TASK DESCRIPTION
\b0 \ulnone \

\i \ul 1. Jump rope task
\i0 \ulnone \
The subject was asked to perform a basic jump for the first 90 s, and then for the last 30 s they were to alternate between a basic jump and a crisscross jump. In the basic jump, both feet are slightly apart and the subject jumps over the rope as it passes under him/her. The crisscross method is similar to the basic jump except that the left hand goes to the right part of the body and right hand goes to the left part of the body. The last 30 s was implemented to challenge the subjects and to discriminate between the upper ranges of coordination ability. \
\

\i \ul 2. Balance beam task
\i0 \ulnone \
The subject was to: 1) walk to the end of the beam; 2) perform a half-turn; 3) walk to the halfway point of the beam; 4) perform a small jump; and 5) walk to the end of the beam. The subjects were instructed to jump high enough that their feet were off the beam.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf0 \ul \ulc0  
\b\fs24 TASK SCORING
\b0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 \ul \ulc0 1. Jump rope task
\i0 \ulnone \
The jump rope test was scored on a 40-point scale. For the first 90 s, one point was deducted for each time the\
subject tripped or stopped, with a maximum deduction of five points over 15 s. For the last 30 s, a point was\
given for each complex pattern completed (basic jump, crisscross jump). \
\

\i \ul \ulc0 2. Balance beam task
\i0 \ulnone \
The beam task was scored on a 10-point scale, with 5 points given for walking along the beam, 2 points for the turn, and 3 points for the jump. Deductions were made for wobbling and for falling off the beam. The sum of these two tests was termed the subject coordination score.}